# StarGazer
Term 5 Design Project
This java mobile application will allow users to see various space entities, their relative orbits, and their proximity to the user. Various features will be implemented for educational and entertainment purposes including the ability to view a large variety of satellites from countries all over the world, as well as learn about their purpose, and history. Entities such as planets, and asteroids will also be tracked, and their location provided to the user. By tracking GPS satellites, a map of GPS visibility will be created which could potentially be used for dead zone locating, and for planning GPS visibility and accuracy. 

Space entities' orbit around the relevant bodies will be shown, and information regarding when each entity can be seen will be provided. Users will be able to create a list of space entities they are most interested in for ease of access to information, or they may search using keywords or filters. This list will get populated into a quick access section.  along with this list, there will be a few quicker access icons for functionality that is used often.

Users will be able to filter through different types of satellites, planets, and asteroids. The app will also provide times and viewing locations of Iridium flares. While main functionality is to be able to see all the space entities and their information, there will be an additional "What is above me" function to display entities that are currently overhead of the user. For this the user will be able to use their GPS location, or enter GPS coordinates manually.

The application will pull from online resources that include a variety of up to date information regarding the space entities. Using this data, we will be able to perform the mathematical calculations necessary to plot the trajectory and locations of these entities. 

One other main feature of this application will be the possibility to see the projected trajectories and positions of GPS satellites. This proves useful for many applications, such as planning a camping trip or long hike somewhere. Knowing where satellites will be before you go, would allow you to predict loss of service or GPS functionality before you leave. This is especially useful as the location of satellites are constantly changing.
